1 Corinthians 15:40     There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.
Doctrine and Covenants 76:70     These are they whose bodies are celestial, whose glory is that of the sun, even the glory of God, the highest of all, whose glory the sun of the firmament is written of as being typical.
Doctrine and Covenants 76:78     Wherefore, they are bodies terrestrial, and not bodies celestial, and differ in glory as the moon differs from the sun.
Doctrine and Covenants 76:87     And the terrestrial through the ministration of the celestial.
Doctrine and Covenants 76:92     And thus we saw the glory of the celestial, which excels in all things--where God, even the Father, reigns upon his throne forever and ever;
Doctrine and Covenants 76:96     And the glory of the celestial is one, even as the glory of the sun is one.
Doctrine and Covenants 78:7     For if you will that I give unto you a place in the celestial world, you must prepare yourselves by doing the things which I have commanded you and required of you.
Doctrine and Covenants 78:14     That through my providence, notwithstanding the tribulation which shall descend upon you, that the church may stand independent above all other creatures beneath the celestial world;
Doctrine and Covenants 88:2     Behold, this is pleasing unto your Lord, and the angels rejoice over you; the alms of your prayers have come up into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth, and are recorded in the book of the names of the sanctified, even them of the celestial world.
Doctrine and Covenants 88:4     This Comforter is the promise which I give unto you of eternal life, even the glory of the celestial kingdom;
Doctrine and Covenants 88:18     Therefore, it must needs be sanctified from all unrighteousness, that it may be prepared for the celestial glory;
Doctrine and Covenants 88:20     That bodies who are of the celestial kingdom may possess it forever and ever; for, for this intent was it made and created, and for this intent are they sanctified.
Doctrine and Covenants 88:22     For he who is not able to abide the law of a celestial kingdom cannot abide a celestial glory.
Doctrine and Covenants 88:25     And again, verily I say unto you, the earth abideth the law of a celestial kingdom, for it filleth the measure of its creation, and transgresseth not the law--
Doctrine and Covenants 88:28     They who are of a celestial spirit shall receive the same body which was a natural body; even ye shall receive your bodies, and your glory shall be that glory by which your bodies are quickened.
Doctrine and Covenants 88:29     Ye who are quickened by a portion of the celestial glory shall then receive of the same, even a fulness.
Doctrine and Covenants 101:65     Therefore, I must gather together my people, according to the parable of the wheat and the tares, that the wheat may be secured in the garners to possess eternal life, and be crowned with celestial glory, when I shall come in the kingdom of my Father to reward every man according as his work shall be;
Doctrine and Covenants 105:4     And are not united according to the union required by the law of the celestial kingdom;
Doctrine and Covenants 105:5     And Zion cannot be built up unless it is by the principles of the law of the celestial kingdom; otherwise I cannot receive her unto myself.
Doctrine and Covenants 130:11     And a white stone is given to each of those who come into the celestial kingdom, whereon is a new name written, which no man knoweth save he that receiveth it. The new name is the key word.
Doctrine and Covenants 131:1     In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees;
Doctrine and Covenants 137:1     The heavens were opened upon us, and I beheld the celestial kingdom of God, and the glory thereof, whether in the body or out I cannot tell.
Doctrine and Covenants 137:7     Thus came the voice of the Lord unto me, saying: All who have died without a knowledge of this gospel, who would have received it if they had been permitted to tarry, shall be heirs of the celestial kingdom of God;
Doctrine and Covenants 137:10     And I also beheld that all children who die before they arrive at the years of accountability are saved in the celestial kingdom of heaven.
24 results found