Matthew 19:16     And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Mark 10:17     And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
Mark 10:30     But he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life.
Luke 10:25     And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Luke 18:18     And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
John 3:15     That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
John 5:39     Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.
John 6:54     Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:68     Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.
John 10:28     And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.
John 17:2     As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.
Acts 13:48     And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed.
Romans 2:7     To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:
Romans 5:21     That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:23     For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
1 Timothy 6:12     Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.
1 Timothy 6:19     Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.
Titus 1:2     In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;
Titus 3:7     That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
1 John 1:2     (For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us;)
1 John 2:25     And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal life.
1 John 3:15     Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.
1 John 5:11     And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
1 John 5:13     These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
1 John 5:20     And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.
Jude 1:21     Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
26 results found