Exodus 9:17     As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people, that thou wilt not let them go?
Exodus 15:2     The Lord is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation: he is my God, and I will prepare him an habitation; my father's God, and I will exalt him.
Numbers 24:7     He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted.
1 Samuel 2:1     And Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the Lord, mine horn is exalted in the Lord: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies; because I rejoice in thy salvation.
1 Samuel 2:10     The adversaries of the Lord shall be broken to pieces; out of heaven shall he thunder upon them: the Lord shall judge the ends of the earth; and he shall give strength unto his king, and exalt the horn of his anointed.
2 Samuel 5:12     And David perceived that the Lord had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kingdom for his people Israel's sake.
2 Samuel 22:47     The Lord liveth; and blessed be my rock; and exalted be the God of the rock of my salvation.
1 Kings 1:5     Then Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself, saying, I will be king: and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.
1 Kings 14:7     Go, tell Jeroboam, Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people, and made thee prince over my people Israel,
1 Kings 16:2     Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made thee prince over my people Israel; and thou hast walked in the way of Jeroboam, and hast made my people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins;
2 Kings 19:22     Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.
1 Chronicles 29:11     Thine, O Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O Lord, and thou art exalted as head above all.
Nehemiah 9:5     Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless the Lord your God for ever and ever: and blessed be thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
Job 5:11     To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety.
Job 17:4     For thou hast hid their heart from understanding: therefore shalt thou not exalt them.
Job 24:24     They are exalted for a little while, but are gone and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn.
Job 36:7     He withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on the throne; yea, he doth establish them for ever, and they are exalted.
Job 36:22     Behold, God exalteth by his power: who teacheth like him?
Psalms 12:8     The wicked walk on every side, when the vilest men are exalted.
Psalms 13:2     How long shall I take counsel in my soul, having sorrow in my heart daily? how long shall mine enemy be exalted over me?
Psalms 18:46     The Lord liveth; and blessed be my rock; and let the God of my salvation be exalted.
Psalms 21:13     Be thou exalted, Lord, in thine own strength: so will we sing and praise thy power.
Psalms 34:3     O magnify the Lord with me, and let us exalt his name together.
Psalms 37:34     Wait on the Lord, and keep his way, and he shall exalt thee to inherit the land: when the wicked are cut off, thou shalt see it.
Psalms 46:10     Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.
Psalms 47:9     The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of the God of Abraham: for the shields of the earth belong unto God: he is greatly exalted.
Psalms 57:5     Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens; let thy glory be above all the earth.
Psalms 57:11     Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: let thy glory be above all the earth.
Psalms 66:7     He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah.
Psalms 75:10     All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.
Psalms 89:16     In thy name shall they rejoice all the day: and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted.
Psalms 89:17     For thou art the glory of their strength: and in thy favour our horn shall be exalted.
Psalms 89:19     Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one, and saidst, I have laid help upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.
Psalms 89:24     But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him: and in my name shall his horn be exalted.
Psalms 92:10     But my horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn: I shall be anointed with fresh oil.
Psalms 97:9     For thou, Lord, art high above all the earth: thou art exalted far above all gods.
Psalms 107:32     Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him in the assembly of the elders.
Psalms 108:5     Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth;
Psalms 112:9     He hath dispersed, he hath given to the poor; his righteousness endureth for ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour.
Psalms 118:16     The right hand of the Lord is exalted: the right hand of the Lord doeth valiantly.
Psalms 118:28     Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee.
Psalms 140:8     Grant not, O Lord, the desires of the wicked: further not his wicked device; lest they exalt themselves. Selah.
Psalms 148:14     He also exalteth the horn of his people, the praise of all his saints; even of the children of Israel, a people near unto him. Praise ye the Lord.
Proverbs 11:11     By the blessing of the upright the city is exalted: but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked.
Proverbs 14:29     He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly.
Proverbs 14:34     Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.
Proverbs 17:19     He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exalteth his gate seeketh destruction.
Isaiah 2:2     And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it.
Isaiah 2:11     The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day.
Isaiah 2:17     And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day.
Isaiah 5:16     But the Lord of hosts shall be exalted in judgment, and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness.
Isaiah 12:4     And in that day shall ye say, Praise the Lord, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted.
Isaiah 13:2     Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles.
Isaiah 14:13     For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:
Isaiah 25:1     O Lord, thou art my God; I will exalt thee, I will praise thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth.
Isaiah 30:18     And therefore will the Lord wait, that he may be gracious unto you, and therefore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy upon you: for the Lord is a God of judgment: blessed are all they that wait for him.
Isaiah 33:5     The Lord is exalted; for he dwelleth on high: he hath filled Zion with judgment and righteousness.
Isaiah 33:10     Now will I rise, saith the Lord; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself.
Isaiah 37:23     Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 40:4     Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:
Isaiah 49:11     And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.
Isaiah 52:13     Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.
Ezekiel 17:24     And all the trees of the field shall know that I the Lord have brought down the high tree, have exalted the low tree, have dried up the green tree, and have made the dry tree to flourish: I the Lord have spoken and have done it.
Ezekiel 19:11     And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches.
Ezekiel 21:26     Thus saith the Lord God; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high.
Ezekiel 29:15     It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations.
Ezekiel 31:5     Therefore his height was exalted above all the trees of the field, and his boughs were multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude of waters, when he shot forth.
Ezekiel 31:14     To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that go down to the pit.
Daniel 11:14     And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the robbers of thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall.
Daniel 11:36     And the king shall do according to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done.
Hosea 11:7     And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him.
Hosea 13:1     When Ephraim spake trembling, he exalted himself in Israel; but when he offended in Baal, he died.
Hosea 13:6     According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me.
Obadiah 1:4     Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the Lord.
Micah 4:1     But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.
Matthew 11:23     And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.
Matthew 23:12     And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
Luke 1:52     He hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree.
Luke 10:15     And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell.
Luke 14:11     For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Luke 18:14     I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Acts 2:33     Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.
Acts 5:31     Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins.
Acts 13:17     The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it.
2 Corinthians 10:5     Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;
2 Corinthians 11:7     Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?
2 Corinthians 11:20     For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.
2 Corinthians 12:7     And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.
Philippians 2:9     Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:
2 Thessalonians 2:4     Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God.
James 1:9     Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:
1 Peter 5:6     Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
1 Nephi 21:11     And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.
2 Nephi 12:2     And it shall come to pass in the last days, when the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills, and all nations shall flow unto it.
2 Nephi 12:11     And it shall come to pass that the lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day.
2 Nephi 12:17     And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low; and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day.
2 Nephi 15:16     But the Lord of Hosts shall be exalted in judgment, and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness.
2 Nephi 22:4     And in that day shall ye say: Praise the Lord, call upon his name, declare his doings among the people, make mention that his name is exalted.
2 Nephi 23:2     Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles.
2 Nephi 24:13     For thou hast said in thy heart: I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north;
3 Nephi 20:43     Behold, my servant shall deal prudently; he shall be exalted and extolled and be very high.
Doctrine and Covenants 5:24     Behold, I say unto him, he exalts himself and does not humble himself sufficiently before me; but if he will bow down before me, and humble himself in mighty prayer and faith, in the sincerity of his heart, then will I grant unto him a view of the things which he desires to see.
Doctrine and Covenants 49:10     And that which I have promised I have so fulfilled, and the nations of the earth shall bow to it; and, if not of themselves, they shall come down, for that which is now exalted of itself shall be laid low of power.
Doctrine and Covenants 49:23     Wherefore, be not deceived, but continue in steadfastness, looking forth for the heavens to be shaken, and the earth to tremble and to reel to and fro as a drunken man, and for the valleys to be exalted, and for the mountains to be made low, and for the rough places to become smooth--and all this when the angel shall sound his trumpet.
Doctrine and Covenants 63:55     And now behold, verily I say unto you, I, the Lord, am not pleased with my servant Sidney Rigdon; he exalted himself in his heart, and received not counsel, but grieved the Spirit;
Doctrine and Covenants 101:42     He that exalteth himself shall be abased, and he that abaseth himself shall be exalted.
Doctrine and Covenants 104:16     But it must needs be done in mine own way; and behold this is the way that I, the Lord, have decreed to provide for my saints, that the poor shall be exalted, in that the rich are made low.
Doctrine and Covenants 109:69     Have mercy, O Lord, upon his wife and children, that they may be exalted in thy presence, and preserved by thy fostering hand.
Doctrine and Covenants 109:71     Remember, O Lord, the presidents, even all the presidents of thy church, that thy right hand may exalt them, with all their families, and their immediate connections, that their names may be perpetuated and had in everlasting remembrance from generation to generation.
Doctrine and Covenants 109:74     And be adorned as a bride for that day when thou shalt unveil the heavens, and cause the mountains to flow down at thy presence, and the valleys to be exalted, the rough places made smooth; that thy glory may fill the earth;
Doctrine and Covenants 112:3     Nevertheless, inasmuch as thou hast abased thyself thou shalt be exalted; therefore, all thy sins are forgiven thee.
Doctrine and Covenants 112:8     And by thy word many high ones shall be brought low, and by thy word many low ones shall be exalted.
Doctrine and Covenants 121:8     And then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt thee on high; thou shalt triumph over all thy foes.
Doctrine and Covenants 124:9     And again, I will visit and soften their hearts, many of them for your good, that ye may find grace in their eyes, that they may come to the light of truth, and the Gentiles to the exaltation or lifting up of Zion.
Doctrine and Covenants 124:114     Let him therefore abase himself that he may be exalted. Even so. Amen.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:17     For these angels did not abide my law; therefore, they cannot be enlarged, but remain separately and singly, without exaltation, in their saved condition, to all eternity; and from henceforth are not gods, but are angels of God forever and ever.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:19     And again, verily I say unto you, if a man marry a wife by my word, which is my law, and by the new and everlasting covenant, and it is sealed unto them by the Holy Spirit of promise, by him who is anointed, unto whom I have appointed this power and the keys of this priesthood; and it shall be said unto them--Ye shall come forth in the first resurrection; and if it be after the first resurrection, in the next resurrection; and shall inherit thrones, kingdoms, principalities, and powers, dominions, all heights and depths--then shall it be written in the Lamb's Book of Life, that he shall commit no murder whereby to shed innocent blood, and if ye abide in my covenant, and commit no murder whereby to shed innocent blood, it shall be done unto them in all things whatsoever my servant hath put upon them, in time, and through all eternity; and shall be of full force when they are out of the world; and they shall pass by the angels, and the gods, which are set there, to their exaltation and glory in all things, as hath been sealed upon their heads, which glory shall be a fulness and a continuation of the seeds forever and ever.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:22     For strait is the gate, and narrow the way that leadeth unto the exaltation and continuation of the lives, and few there be that find it, because ye receive me not in the world neither do ye know me.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:23     But if ye receive me in the world, then shall ye know me, and shall receive your exaltation; that where I am ye shall be also.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:26     Verily, verily, I say unto you, if a man marry a wife according to my word, and they are sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise, according to mine appointment, and he or she shall commit any sin or transgression of the new and everlasting covenant whatever, and all manner of blasphemies, and if they commit no murder wherein they shed innocent blood, yet they shall come forth in the first resurrection, and enter into their exaltation; but they shall be destroyed in the flesh, and shall be delivered unto the buffetings of Satan unto the day of redemption, saith the Lord God.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:29     Abraham received all things, whatsoever he received, by revelation and commandment, by my word, saith the Lord, and hath entered into his exaltation and sitteth upon his throne.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:37     Abraham received concubines, and they bore him children; and it was accounted unto him for righteousness, because they were given unto him, and he abode in my law; as Isaac also and Jacob did none other things than that which they were commanded; and because they did none other things than that which they were commanded, they have entered into their exaltation, according to the promises, and sit upon thrones, and are not angels but are gods.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:39     David's wives and concubines were given unto him of me, by the hand of Nathan, my servant, and others of the prophets who had the keys of this power; and in none of these things did he sin against me save in the case of Uriah and his wife; and, therefore he hath fallen from his exaltation, and received his portion; and he shall not inherit them out of the world, for I gave them unto another, saith the Lord.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:49     For I am the Lord thy God, and will be with thee even unto the end of the world, and through all eternity; for verily I seal upon you your exaltation, and prepare a throne for you in the kingdom of my Father, with Abraham your father.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:57     And again, I say, let not my servant Joseph put his property out of his hands, lest an enemy come and destroy him; for Satan seeketh to destroy; for I am the Lord thy God, and he is my servant; and behold, and lo, I am with him, as I was with Abraham, thy father, even unto his exaltation and glory.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:63     But if one or either of the ten virgins, after she is espoused, shall be with another man, she has committed adultery, and shall be destroyed; for they are given unto him to multiply and replenish the earth, according to my commandment, and to fulfil the promise which was given by my Father before the foundation of the world, and for their exaltation in the eternal worlds, that they may bear the souls of men; for herein is the work of my Father continued, that he may be glorified.
126 results found