Genesis 1:10     And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 49:10     The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.
Exodus 34:22     And thou shalt observe the feast of weeks, of the firstfruits of wheat harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year's end.
Numbers 15:33     And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron, and unto all the congregation.
1 Kings 17:10     So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink.
1 Kings 17:12     And she said, As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruse: and, behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it, and die.
2 Chronicles 20:25     And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much.
Isaiah 32:10     Many days and years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come.
Isaiah 33:4     And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller: as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them.
Matthew 25:24     Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:
Acts 16:10     And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavoured to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called us for to preach the gospel unto them.
2 Thessalonians 2:1     Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him,
12 results found