Genesis 6:8     But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord.
Genesis 19:19     Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast shewed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die:
Genesis 32:5     And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find grace in thy sight.
Genesis 33:8     And he said, What meanest thou by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find grace in the sight of my lord.
Genesis 33:10     And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me.
Genesis 33:15     And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord.
Genesis 34:11     And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give.
Genesis 39:4     And Joseph found grace in his sight, and he served him: and he made him overseer over his house, and all that he had he put into his hand.
Genesis 47:25     And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.
Genesis 47:29     And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:
Genesis 50:4     And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying,
Exodus 33:12     And Moses said unto the Lord, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found grace in my sight.
Exodus 33:13     Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, shew me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.
Exodus 33:16     For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth.
Exodus 33:17     And the Lord said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name.
Exodus 34:9     And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, O Lord, let my Lord, I pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance.
Numbers 32:5     Wherefore, said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for a possession, and bring us not over Jordan.
Judges 6:17     And he said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, then shew me a sign that thou talkest with me.
Ruth 2:2     And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.
Ruth 2:10     Then she fell on her face, and bowed herself to the ground, and said unto him, Why have I found grace in thine eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?
1 Samuel 1:18     And she said, Let thine handmaid find grace in thy sight. So the woman went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad.
1 Samuel 20:3     And David sware moreover, and said, Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes; and he saith, Let not Jonathan know this, lest he be grieved: but truly as the Lord liveth, and as thy soul liveth, there is but a step between me and death.
1 Samuel 27:5     And David said unto Achish, If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee?
2 Samuel 14:22     And Joab fell to the ground on his face, and bowed himself, and thanked the king: and Joab said, To day thy servant knoweth that I have found grace in thy sight, my lord, O king, in that the king hath fulfilled the request of his servant.
2 Samuel 16:4     Then said the king to Ziba, Behold, thine are all that pertained unto Mephibosheth. And Ziba said, I humbly beseech thee that I may find grace in thy sight, my lord, O king.
Ezra 9:8     And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the Lord our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.
Esther 2:17     And the king loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head, and made her queen instead of Vashti.
Psalms 45:2     Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.
Psalms 84:11     For the Lord God is a sun and shield: the Lord will give grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.
Proverbs 1:9     For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck.
Proverbs 3:22     So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck.
Proverbs 3:34     Surely he scorneth the scorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.
Proverbs 4:9     She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee.
Proverbs 22:11     He that loveth pureness of heart, for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend.
Jeremiah 14:21     Do not abhor us, for thy name's sake, do not disgrace the throne of thy glory: remember, break not thy covenant with us.
Jeremiah 31:2     Thus saith the Lord, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest.
Zechariah 4:7     Who art thou, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.
Zechariah 12:10     And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.
Luke 2:40     And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him.
John 1:14     And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
John 1:16     And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.
John 1:17     For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
Acts 4:33     And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.
Acts 11:23     Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.
Acts 13:43     Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God.
Acts 14:3     Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the word of his grace, and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands.
Acts 14:26     And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled.
Acts 15:11     But we believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.
Acts 15:40     And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God.
Acts 18:27     And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:
Acts 20:24     But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.
Acts 20:32     And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.
Romans 1:5     By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:
Romans 3:24     Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:
Romans 4:4     Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.
Romans 4:16     Therefore it is of faith, that it might be by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all,
Romans 5:2     By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
Romans 5:15     But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.
Romans 5:17     For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
Romans 5:20     Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:
Romans 5:21     That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:1     What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
Romans 6:14     For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace.
Romans 6:15     What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.
Romans 11:5     Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Romans 11:6     And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.
Romans 12:3     For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
Romans 12:6     Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
Romans 15:15     Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,
Romans 16:20     And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
Romans 16:24     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
1 Corinthians 1:4     I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;
1 Corinthians 3:10     According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.
1 Corinthians 10:30     For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?
1 Corinthians 15:10     But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
1 Corinthians 16:23     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.
2 Corinthians 1:12     For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward.
2 Corinthians 4:15     For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God.
2 Corinthians 6:1     We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.
2 Corinthians 8:1     Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;
2 Corinthians 8:6     Insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.
2 Corinthians 8:7     Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also.
2 Corinthians 8:9     For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.
2 Corinthians 8:19     And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind:
2 Corinthians 9:8     And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:
2 Corinthians 9:14     And by their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you.
2 Corinthians 12:9     And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
2 Corinthians 13:14     The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.
Galatians 1:6     I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:
Galatians 1:15     But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace,
Galatians 2:9     And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision.
Galatians 2:21     I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
Galatians 5:4     Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.
Galatians 6:18     Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Ephesians 1:6     To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.
Ephesians 1:7     In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;
Ephesians 2:5     Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
Ephesians 2:7     That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.
Ephesians 2:8     For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
Ephesians 3:2     If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:
Ephesians 3:7     Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.
Ephesians 3:8     Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;
Ephesians 4:7     But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
Ephesians 4:29     Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
Philippians 1:7     Even as it is meet for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart; inasmuch as both in my bonds, and in the defence and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace.
Philippians 4:23     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Colossians 1:6     Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:
Colossians 3:16     Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.
Colossians 4:6     Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.
1 Thessalonians 5:28     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
2 Thessalonians 1:12     That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 2:16     Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace,
2 Thessalonians 3:18     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
1 Timothy 1:14     And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 1:9     Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,
2 Timothy 2:1     Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.
Titus 2:11     For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,
Titus 3:7     That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
Philemon 1:25     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Hebrews 2:9     But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man.
Hebrews 4:16     Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
Hebrews 10:29     Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?
Hebrews 12:15     Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;
Hebrews 12:28     Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:
Hebrews 13:9     Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace; not with meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.
James 1:11     For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.
James 4:6     But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.
1 Peter 1:10     Of which salvation the prophets have inquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:
1 Peter 1:13     Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;
1 Peter 3:7     Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.
1 Peter 4:10     As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.
1 Peter 5:5     Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
1 Peter 5:10     But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
1 Peter 5:12     By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand.
2 Peter 3:18     But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.
Jude 1:4     For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Revelation 22:21     The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
137 results found