John 1:1     In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
John 1:2     The same was in the beginning with God.
John 1:3     All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
John 1:4     In him was life; and the life was the light of men.
John 1:5     And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
John 1:6     There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
John 1:7     The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe.
John 1:8     He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light.
John 1:9     That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.
John 1:10     He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
John 1:11     He came unto his own, and his own received him not.
John 1:12     But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
John 1:13     Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
John 1:14     And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
John 1:15     John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.
John 1:16     And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.
John 1:17     For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
John 1:18     No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.
John 1:19     And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?
John 1:20     And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.
John 1:21     And they asked him, What then? Art thou Elias? And he saith, I am not. Art thou that prophet? And he answered, No.
John 1:22     Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself?
John 1:23     He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias.
John 1:24     And they which were sent were of the Pharisees.
John 1:25     And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptizest thou then, if thou be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet?
John 1:26     John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;
John 1:27     He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose.
John 1:28     These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing.
John 1:29     The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.
John 1:30     This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me.
John 1:31     And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water.
John 1:32     And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.
John 1:33     And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.
John 1:34     And I saw, and bare record that this is the Son of God.
John 1:35     Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;
John 1:36     And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!
John 1:37     And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.
John 1:38     Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou?
John 1:39     He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour.
John 1:40     One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.
John 1:41     He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.
John 1:42     And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.
John 1:43     The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.
John 1:44     Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.
John 1:45     Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
John 1:46     And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.
John 1:47     Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!
John 1:48     Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.
John 1:49     Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.
John 1:50     Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.
John 1:51     And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.
John 10:1     Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.
John 10:2     But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
John 10:3     To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out.
John 10:4     And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.
John 10:5     And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.
John 10:6     This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them.
John 10:7     Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.
John 10:8     All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.
John 10:9     I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
John 10:10     The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
John 10:11     I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.
John 10:12     But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep.
John 10:13     The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep.
John 10:14     I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.
John 10:15     As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep.
John 10:16     And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.
John 10:17     Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.
John 10:18     No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.
John 10:19     There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.
John 10:20     And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?
John 10:21     Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?
John 10:22     And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter.
John 10:23     And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon's porch.
John 10:24     Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly.
John 10:25     Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me.
John 10:26     But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you.
John 10:27     My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:
John 10:28     And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.
John 10:29     My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.
John 10:30     I and my Father are one.
John 10:31     Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.
John 10:32     Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?
John 10:33     The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.
John 10:34     Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?
John 10:35     If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;
John 10:36     Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?
John 10:37     If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.
John 10:38     But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.
John 10:39     Therefore they sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand,
John 10:40     And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode.
John 10:41     And many resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man were true.
John 10:42     And many believed on him there.
John 11:1     Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha.
John 11:2     (It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment, and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick.)
John 11:3     Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick.
John 11:4     When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby.
John 11:5     Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.
John 11:6     When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was.
John 11:7     Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again.
John 11:8     His disciples say unto him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee; and goest thou thither again?
John 11:9     Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth the light of this world.
John 11:10     But if a man walk in the night, he stumbleth, because there is no light in him.
John 11:11     These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.
John 11:12     Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.
John 11:13     Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.
John 11:14     Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.
John 11:15     And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.
John 11:16     Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him.
John 11:17     Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.
John 11:18     Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:
John 11:19     And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.
John 11:20     Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.
John 11:21     Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.
John 11:22     But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.
John 11:23     Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.
John 11:24     Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.
John 11:25     Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:
John 11:26     And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?
John 11:27     She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.
John 11:28     And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee.
John 11:29     As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him.
John 11:30     Now Jesus was not yet come into the town, but was in that place where Martha met him.
John 11:31     The Jews then which were with her in the house, and comforted her, when they saw Mary, that she rose up hastily and went out, followed her, saying, She goeth unto the grave to weep there.
John 11:32     Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.
John 11:33     When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled,
John 11:34     And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.
John 11:35     Jesus wept.
John 11:36     Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!
John 11:37     And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?
John 11:38     Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it.
John 11:39     Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.
John 11:40     Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God?
John 11:41     Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me.
John 11:42     And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 11:43     And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.
John 11:44     And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.
John 11:45     Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him.
John 11:46     But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done.
John 11:47     Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles.
John 11:48     If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation.
John 11:49     And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all,
John 11:50     Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.
John 11:51     And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation;
John 11:52     And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad.
John 11:53     Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death.
John 11:54     Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples.
John 11:55     And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves.
John 11:56     Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?
John 11:57     Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him.
John 12:1     Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.
John 12:2     There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him.
John 12:3     Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment.
John 12:4     Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him,
John 12:5     Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?
John 12:6     This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein.
John 12:7     Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this.
John 12:8     For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always.
John 12:9     Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead.
John 12:10     But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death;
John 12:11     Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus.
John 12:12     On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
John 12:13     Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.
John 12:14     And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,
John 12:15     Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.
John 12:16     These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.
John 12:17     The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.
John 12:18     For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
John 12:19     The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.
John 12:20     And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:
John 12:21     The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.
John 12:22     Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.
John 12:23     And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
John 12:24     Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.
John 12:25     He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.
John 12:26     If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour.
John 12:27     Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.
John 12:28     Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again.
John 12:29     The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.
John 12:30     Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.
John 12:31     Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.
John 12:32     And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.
John 12:33     This he said, signifying what death he should die.
John 12:34     The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man?
John 12:35     Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.
John 12:36     While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them.
John 12:37     But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:
John 12:38     That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?
John 12:39     Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again,
John 12:40     He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.
John 12:41     These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him.
John 12:42     Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue:
John 12:43     For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God.
John 12:44     Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me.
John 12:45     And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me.
John 12:46     I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.
John 12:47     And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.
John 12:48     He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.
John 12:49     For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.
John 12:50     And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak.
John 13:1     Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.
John 13:2     And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him;
John 13:3     Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;
John 13:4     He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself.
John 13:5     After that he poureth water into a basin, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded.
John 13:6     Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet?
John 13:7     Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter.
John 13:8     Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me.
John 13:9     Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head.
John 13:10     Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.
John 13:11     For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean.
John 13:12     So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?
John 13:13     Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am.
John 13:14     If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet.
John 13:15     For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.
John 13:16     Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.
John 13:17     If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.
John 13:18     I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.
John 13:19     Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he.
John 13:20     Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.
John 13:21     When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
John 13:22     Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.
John 13:23     Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.
John 13:24     Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.
John 13:25     He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?
John 13:26     Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.
John 13:27     And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.
John 13:28     Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.
John 13:29     For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.
John 13:30     He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.
John 13:31     Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.
John 13:32     If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him.
John 13:33     Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me: and as I said unto the Jews, Whither I go, ye cannot come; so now I say to you.
John 13:34     A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.
John 13:35     By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.
John 13:36     Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.
John 13:37     Peter said unto him, Lord, why cannot I follow thee now? I will lay down my life for thy sake.
John 13:38     Jesus answered him, Wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake? Verily, verily, I say unto thee, The cock shall not crow, till thou hast denied me thrice.
John 14:1     Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.
John 14:2     In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.
John 14:3     And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.
John 14:4     And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.
John 14:5     Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way?
John 14:6     Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
John 14:7     If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.
John 14:8     Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.
John 14:9     Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?
John 14:10     Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.
John 14:11     Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake.
John 14:12     Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.
John 14:13     And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
John 14:14     If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.
John 14:15     If ye love me, keep my commandments.
John 14:16     And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;
John 14:17     Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 14:18     I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.
John 14:19     Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.
John 14:20     At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.
John 14:21     He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
John 14:22     Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?
John 14:23     Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.
John 14:24     He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me.
John 14:25     These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you.
John 14:26     But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 14:27     Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
John 14:28     Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.
John 14:29     And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe.
John 14:30     Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.
John 14:31     But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.
John 15:1     I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.
John 15:2     Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
John 15:3     Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.
John 15:4     Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.
John 15:5     I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.
John 15:6     If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.
John 15:7     If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
John 15:8     Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.
John 15:9     As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.
John 15:10     If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.
John 15:11     These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.
John 15:12     This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.
John 15:13     Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
John 15:14     Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.
John 15:15     Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.
John 15:16     Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.
John 15:17     These things I command you, that ye love one another.
John 15:18     If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.
John 15:19     If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.
John 15:20     Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.
John 15:21     But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me.
John 15:22     If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin.
John 15:23     He that hateth me hateth my Father also.
John 15:24     If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.
John 15:25     But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause.
John 15:26     But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 15:27     And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning.
John 16:1     These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.
John 16:2     They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.
John 16:3     And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.
John 16:4     But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you.
John 16:5     But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?
John 16:6     But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart.
John 16:7     Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.
John 16:8     And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:
John 16:9     Of sin, because they believe not on me;
John 16:10     Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;
John 16:11     Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.
John 16:12     I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
John 16:13     Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
John 16:14     He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 16:15     All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 16:16     A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father.
John 16:17     Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?
John 16:18     They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.
John 16:19     Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye inquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?
John 16:20     Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy.
John 16:21     A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.
John 16:22     And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you.
John 16:23     And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.
John 16:24     Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.
John 16:25     These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father.
John 16:26     At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:
John 16:27     For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God.
John 16:28     I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.
John 16:29     His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.
John 16:30     Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.
John 16:31     Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?
John 16:32     Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me.
John 16:33     These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
John 17:1     These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:
John 17:2     As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.
John 17:3     And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
John 17:4     I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.
John 17:5     And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was.
John 17:6     I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word.
John 17:7     Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee.
John 17:8     For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me.
John 17:9     I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine.
John 17:10     And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them.
John 17:11     And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.
John 17:12     While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
John 17:13     And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.
John 17:14     I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:15     I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.
John 17:16     They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:17     Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
John 17:18     As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
John 17:19     And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.
John 17:20     Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;
John 17:21     That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 17:22     And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:
John 17:23     I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.
John 17:24     Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.
John 17:25     O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.
John 17:26     And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.
John 18:1     When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.
John 18:2     And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples.
John 18:3     Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons.
John 18:4     Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye?
John 18:5     They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.
John 18:6     As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.
John 18:7     Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth.
John 18:8     Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way:
John 18:9     That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none.
John 18:10     Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus.
John 18:11     Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it?
John 18:12     Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,
John 18:13     And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year.
John 18:14     Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people.
John 18:15     And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest.
John 18:16     But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other disciple, which was known unto the high priest, and spake unto her that kept the door, and brought in Peter.
John 18:17     Then saith the damsel that kept the door unto Peter, Art not thou also one of this man's disciples? He saith, I am not.
John 18:18     And the servants and officers stood there, who had made a fire of coals; for it was cold: and they warmed themselves: and Peter stood with them, and warmed himself.
John 18:19     The high priest then asked Jesus of his disciples, and of his doctrine.
John 18:20     Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing.
John 18:21     Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said.
John 18:22     And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?
John 18:23     Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?
John 18:24     Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest.
John 18:25     And Simon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto him, Art not thou also one of his disciples? He denied it, and said, I am not.
John 18:26     One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, saith, Did not I see thee in the garden with him?
John 18:27     Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.
John 18:28     Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover.
John 18:29     Pilate then went out unto them, and said, What accusation bring ye against this man?
John 18:30     They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up unto thee.
John 18:31     Then said Pilate unto them, Take ye him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said unto him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death:
John 18:32     That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die.
John 18:33     Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?
John 18:34     Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?
John 18:35     Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?
John 18:36     Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence.
John 18:37     Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.
John 18:38     Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all.
John 18:39     But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?
John 18:40     Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.
John 19:1     Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him.
John 19:2     And the soldiers plaited a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe,
John 19:3     And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands.
John 19:4     Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him.
John 19:5     Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man!
John 19:6     When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him.
John 19:7     The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.
John 19:8     When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid;
John 19:9     And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer.
John 19:10     Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?
John 19:11     Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin.
John 19:12     And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar.
John 19:13     When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha.
John 19:14     And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!
John 19:15     But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar.
John 19:16     Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away.
John 19:17     And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:
John 19:18     Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst.
John 19:19     And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was, Jesus of Nazareth the King of the Jews.
John 19:20     This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin.
John 19:21     Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews.
John 19:22     Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.
John 19:23     Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.
John 19:24     They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.
John 19:25     Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.
John 19:26     When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!
John 19:27     Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.
John 19:28     After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.
John 19:29     Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a sponge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth.
John 19:30     When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.
John 19:31     The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away.
John 19:32     Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him.
John 19:33     But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs:
John 19:34     But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.
John 19:35     And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe.
John 19:36     For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken.
John 19:37     And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.
John 19:38     And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.
John 19:39     And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight.
John 19:40     Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury.
John 19:41     Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid.
John 19:42     There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand.
1 John 1:1     That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;
1 John 1:2     (For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us;)
1 John 1:3     That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us: and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his Son Jesus Christ.
1 John 1:4     And these things write we unto you, that your joy may be full.
1 John 1:5     This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
1 John 1:6     If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth:
1 John 1:7     But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.
1 John 1:8     If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
1 John 1:9     If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
1 John 1:10     If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.
2 John 1:1     The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;
2 John 1:2     For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever.
2 John 1:3     Grace be with you, mercy, and peace, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.
2 John 1:4     I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.
2 John 1:5     And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.
2 John 1:6     And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk in it.
2 John 1:7     For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist.
2 John 1:8     Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward.
2 John 1:9     Whosoever transgresseth, and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ, hath not God. He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son.
2 John 1:10     If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed:
2 John 1:11     For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
2 John 1:12     Having many things to write unto you, I would not write with paper and ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to face, that our joy may be full.
2 John 1:13     The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen.
3 John 1:1     The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth.
3 John 1:2     Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.
3 John 1:3     For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth.
3 John 1:4     I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth.
3 John 1:5     Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren, and to strangers;
3 John 1:6     Which have borne witness of thy charity before the church: whom if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, thou shalt do well:
3 John 1:7     Because that for his name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.
3 John 1:8     We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth.
3 John 1:9     I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not.
3 John 1:10     Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church.
3 John 1:11     Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God.
3 John 1:12     Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself: yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true.
3 John 1:13     I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee:
3 John 1:14     But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name.
474 results found