Genesis 47:25     And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.
Exodus 1:17     But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive.
Exodus 1:18     And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?
Exodus 14:30     Thus the Lord saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore.
Numbers 10:9     And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and ye shall be remembered before the Lord your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies.
Numbers 22:33     And the ass saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive.
Numbers 31:15     And Moses said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive?
Deuteronomy 33:29     Happy art thou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the Lord, the shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon their high places.
Joshua 6:25     And Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive, and her father's household, and all that she had; and she dwelleth in Israel even unto this day; because she hid the messengers, which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho.
Judges 7:2     And the Lord said unto Gideon, The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me.
Judges 8:19     And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my mother: as the Lord liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you.
Judges 21:14     And Benjamin came again at that time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabesh-gilead: and yet so they sufficed them not.
1 Samuel 10:19     And ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yourselves before the Lord by your tribes, and by your thousands.
1 Samuel 14:23     So the Lord saved Israel that day: and the battle passed over unto Beth-aven.
1 Samuel 23:5     So David and his men went to Keilah, and fought with the Philistines, and brought away their cattle, and smote them with a great slaughter. So David saved the inhabitants of Keilah.
1 Samuel 27:11     And David saved neither man nor woman alive, to bring tidings to Gath, saying, Lest they should tell on us, saying, So did David, and so will be his manner all the while he dwelleth in the country of the Philistines.
2 Samuel 19:5     And Joab came into the house to the king, and said, Thou hast shamed this day the faces of all thy servants, which this day have saved thy life, and the lives of thy sons and of thy daughters, and the lives of thy wives, and the lives of thy concubines;
2 Samuel 19:9     And all the people were at strife throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, The king saved us out of the hand of our enemies, and he delivered us out of the hand of the Philistines; and now he is fled out of the land for Absalom.
2 Samuel 22:4     I will call on the Lord, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies.
2 Kings 6:10     And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor twice.
2 Kings 14:27     And the Lord said not that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven: but he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash.
1 Chronicles 11:14     And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the Lord saved them by a great deliverance.
2 Chronicles 32:22     Thus the Lord saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side.
Nehemiah 9:27     Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and according to thy manifold mercies thou gavest them saviours, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies.
Psalms 18:3     I will call upon the Lord, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies.
Psalms 33:16     There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not delivered by much strength.
Psalms 34:6     This poor man cried, and the Lord heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles.
Psalms 44:7     But thou hast saved us from our enemies, and hast put them to shame that hated us.
Psalms 80:3     Turn us again, O God, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalms 80:7     Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalms 80:19     Turn us again, O Lord God of hosts, cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalms 106:8     Nevertheless he saved them for his name's sake, that he might make his mighty power to be known.
Psalms 106:10     And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy.
Psalms 107:13     Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses.
Proverbs 28:18     Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once.
Isaiah 30:15     For thus saith the Lord God, the Holy One of Israel; In returning and rest shall ye be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength: and ye would not.
Isaiah 43:12     I have declared, and have saved, and I have shewed, when there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are my witnesses, saith the Lord, that I am God.
Isaiah 45:17     But Israel shall be saved in the Lord with an everlasting salvation: ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end.
Isaiah 45:22     Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.
Isaiah 63:9     In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the angel of his presence saved them: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bare them, and carried them all the days of old.
Isaiah 64:5     Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that remember thee in thy ways: behold, thou art wroth; for we have sinned: in those is continuance, and we shall be saved.
Jeremiah 4:14     O Jerusalem, wash thine heart from wickedness, that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee?
Jeremiah 8:20     The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved.
Jeremiah 17:14     Heal me, O Lord, and I shall be healed; save me, and I shall be saved: for thou art my praise.
Jeremiah 23:6     In his days Judah shall be saved, and Israel shall dwell safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, The Lord Our Righteousness.
Jeremiah 30:7     Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble; but he shall be saved out of it.
Jeremiah 33:16     In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be called, The Lord our righteousness.
Matthew 10:22     And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.
Matthew 19:25     When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?
Matthew 24:13     But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.
Matthew 24:22     And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened.
Matthew 27:42     He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.
Mark 10:26     And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved?
Mark 13:13     And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.
Mark 13:20     And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days.
Mark 15:31     Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.
Mark 16:16     He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.
Luke 1:71     That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;
Luke 7:50     And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.
Luke 8:12     Those by the way side are they that hear; then cometh the devil, and taketh away the word out of their hearts, lest they should believe and be saved.
Luke 13:23     Then said one unto him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said unto them,
Luke 18:26     And they that heard it said, Who then can be saved?
Luke 18:42     And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.
Luke 23:35     And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God.
John 3:17     For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
John 5:34     But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved.
John 10:9     I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
Acts 2:21     And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Acts 2:47     Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.
Acts 4:12     Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
Acts 11:14     Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved.
Acts 15:1     And certain men which came down from Judaea taught the brethren, and said, Except ye be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved.
Acts 15:11     But we believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.
Acts 16:30     And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?
Acts 16:31     And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
Acts 27:20     And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.
Acts 27:31     Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved.
Romans 5:9     Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Romans 5:10     For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Romans 8:24     For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?
Romans 9:27     Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:
Romans 10:1     Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.
Romans 10:9     That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
Romans 10:13     For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Romans 11:26     And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
1 Corinthians 1:18     For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.
1 Corinthians 3:15     If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
1 Corinthians 5:5     To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
1 Corinthians 10:33     Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved.
1 Corinthians 15:2     By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.
2 Corinthians 2:15     For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:
Ephesians 2:5     Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
Ephesians 2:8     For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
1 Thessalonians 2:16     Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost.
2 Thessalonians 2:10     And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved.
1 Timothy 2:4     Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.
1 Timothy 2:15     Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.
2 Timothy 1:9     Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,
Titus 3:5     Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;
1 Peter 3:20     Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water.
1 Peter 4:18     And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear?
2 Peter 2:5     And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly;
Jude 1:5     I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
Revelation 21:24     And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.
1 Nephi 6:4     For the fulness of mine intent is that I may persuade men to come unto the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, and be saved.
1 Nephi 8:3     And behold, because of the thing which I have seen, I have reason to rejoice in the Lord because of Nephi and also of Sam; for I have reason to suppose that they, and also many of their seed, will be saved.
1 Nephi 13:37     And blessed are they who shall seek to bring forth my Zion at that day, for they shall have the gift and the power of the Holy Ghost; and if they endure unto the end they shall be lifted up at the last day, and shall be saved in the everlasting kingdom of the Lamb; and whoso shall publish peace, yea, tidings of great joy, how beautiful upon the mountains shall they be.
1 Nephi 13:40     And the angel spake unto me, saying: These last records, which thou hast seen among the Gentiles, shall establish the truth of the first, which are of the twelve apostles of the Lamb, and shall make known the plain and precious things which have been taken away from them; and shall make known to all kindreds, tongues, and people, that the Lamb of God is the Son of the Eternal Father, and the Savior of the world; and that all men must come unto him, or they cannot be saved.
1 Nephi 15:14     And at that day shall the remnant of our seed know that they are of the house of Israel, and that they are the covenant people of the Lord; and then shall they know and come to the knowledge of their forefathers, and also to the knowledge of the gospel of their Redeemer, which was ministered unto their fathers by him; wherefore, they shall come to the knowledge of their Redeemer and the very points of his doctrine, that they may know how to come unto him and be saved.
1 Nephi 22:17     Wherefore, he will preserve the righteous by his power, even if it so be that the fulness of his wrath must come, and the righteous be preserved, even unto the destruction of their enemies by fire. Wherefore, the righteous need not fear; for thus saith the prophet, they shall be saved, even if it so be as by fire.
1 Nephi 22:31     Wherefore, ye need not suppose that I and my father are the only ones that have testified, and also taught them. Wherefore, if ye shall be obedient to the commandments, and endure to the end, ye shall be saved at the last day. And thus it is. Amen.
2 Nephi 2:9     Wherefore, he is the firstfruits unto God, inasmuch as he shall make intercession for all the children of men; and they that believe in him shall be saved.
2 Nephi 6:12     And blessed are the Gentiles, they of whom the prophet has written; for behold, if it so be that they shall repent and fight not against Zion, and do not unite themselves to that great and abominable church, they shall be saved; for the Lord God will fulfil his covenants which he has made unto his children; and for this cause the prophet has written these things.
2 Nephi 9:23     And he commandeth all men that they must repent, and be baptized in his name, having perfect faith in the Holy One of Israel, or they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God.
2 Nephi 10:24     Wherefore, my beloved brethren, reconcile yourselves to the will of God, and not to the will of the devil and the flesh; and remember, after ye are reconciled unto God, that it is only in and through the grace of God that ye are saved.
2 Nephi 25:13     Behold, they will crucify him; and after he is laid in a sepulchre for the space of three days he shall rise from the dead, with healing in his wings; and all those who shall believe on his name shall be saved in the kingdom of God. Wherefore, my soul delighteth to prophesy concerning him, for I have seen his day, and my heart doth magnify his holy name.
2 Nephi 25:20     And now, my brethren, I have spoken plainly that ye cannot err. And as the Lord God liveth that brought Israel up out of the land of Egypt, and gave unto Moses power that he should heal the nations after they had been bitten by the poisonous serpents, if they would cast their eyes unto the serpent which he did raise up before them, and also gave him power that he should smite the rock and the water should come forth; yea, behold I say unto you, that as these things are true, and as the Lord God liveth, there is none other name given under heaven save it be this Jesus Christ, of which I have spoken, whereby man can be saved.
2 Nephi 25:23     For we labor diligently to write, to persuade our children, and also our brethren, to believe in Christ, and to be reconciled to God; for we know that it is by grace that we are saved, after all we can do.
2 Nephi 28:8     And there shall also be many which shall say: Eat, drink, and be merry; nevertheless, fear God--he will justify in committing a little sin; yea, lie a little, take the advantage of one because of his words, dig a pit for thy neighbor; there is no harm in this; and do all these things, for tomorrow we die; and if it so be that we are guilty, God will beat us with a few stripes, and at last we shall be saved in the kingdom of God.
2 Nephi 31:15     And I heard a voice from the Father, saying: Yea, the words of my Beloved are true and faithful. He that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved.
2 Nephi 31:16     And now, my beloved brethren, I know by this that unless a man shall endure to the end, in following the example of the Son of the living God, he cannot be saved.
2 Nephi 31:21     And now, behold, my beloved brethren, this is the way; and there is none other way nor name given under heaven whereby man can be saved in the kingdom of God. And now, behold, this is the doctrine of Christ, and the only and true doctrine of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, which is one God, without end. Amen.
2 Nephi 33:12     And I pray the Father in the name of Christ that many of us, if not all, may be saved in his kingdom at that great and last day.
Jacob 6:4     And how merciful is our God unto us, for he remembereth the house of Israel, both roots and branches; and he stretches forth his hands unto them all the day long; and they are a stiffnecked and a gainsaying people; but as many as will not harden their hearts shall be saved in the kingdom of God.
Omni 1:26     And now, my beloved brethren, I would that ye should come unto Christ, who is the Holy One of Israel, and partake of his salvation, and the power of his redemption. Yea, come unto him, and offer your whole souls as an offering unto him, and continue in fasting and praying, and endure to the end; and as the Lord liveth ye will be saved.
Mosiah 3:16     And even if it were possible that little children could sin they could not be saved; but I say unto you they are blessed; for behold, as in Adam, or by nature, they fall, even so the blood of Christ atoneth for their sins.
Mosiah 4:8     And this is the means whereby salvation cometh. And there is none other salvation save this which hath been spoken of; neither are there any conditions whereby man can be saved except the conditions which I have told you.
Mosiah 12:33     But now Abinadi said unto them: I know if ye keep the commandments of God ye shall be saved; yea, if ye keep the commandments which the Lord delivered unto Moses in the mount of Sinai, saying:
Mosiah 13:9     But I finish my message; and then it matters not whither I go, if it so be that I am saved.
Mosiah 13:32     And now, did they understand the law? I say unto you, Nay, they did not all understand the law; and this because of the hardness of their hearts; for they understood not that there could not any man be saved except it were through the redemption of God.
Mosiah 16:13     And now, ought ye not to tremble and repent of your sins, and remember that only in and through Christ ye can be saved?
Alma 1:4     And he also testified unto the people that all mankind should be saved at the last day, and that they need not fear nor tremble, but that they might lift up their heads and rejoice; for the Lord had created all men, and had also redeemed all men; and, in the end, all men should have eternal life.
Alma 5:9     And again I ask, were the bands of death broken, and the chains of hell which encircled them about, were they loosed? I say unto you, Yea, they were loosed, and their souls did expand, and they did sing redeeming love. And I say unto you that they are saved.
Alma 5:10     And now I ask of you on what conditions are they saved? Yea, what grounds had they to hope for salvation? What is the cause of their being loosed from the bands of death, yea, and also the chains of hell?
Alma 5:13     And behold, he preached the word unto your fathers, and a mighty change was also wrought in their hearts, and they humbled themselves and put their trust in the true and living God. And behold, they were faithful until the end; therefore they were saved.
Alma 5:20     I say unto you, can ye think of being saved when you have yielded yourselves to become subjects to the devil?
Alma 5:21     I say unto you, ye will know at that day that ye cannot be saved; for there can no man be saved except his garments are washed white; yea, his garments must be purified until they are cleansed from all stain, through the blood of him of whom it has been spoken by our fathers, who should come to redeem his people from their sins.
Alma 5:31     Wo unto such an one, for he is not prepared, and the time is at hand that he must repent or he cannot be saved!
Alma 9:17     And at some period of time they will be brought to believe in his word, and to know of the incorrectness of the traditions of their fathers; and many of them will be saved, for the Lord will be merciful unto all who call on his name.
Alma 9:22     Yea, and after having been delivered of God out of the land of Jerusalem, by the hand of the Lord; having been saved from famine, and from sickness, and all manner of diseases of every kind; and they having waxed strong in battle, that they might not be destroyed; having been brought out of bondage time after time, and having been kept and preserved until now; and they have been prospered until they are rich in all manner of things--
Alma 11:37     And I say unto you again that he cannot save them in their sins; for I cannot deny his word, and he hath said that no unclean thing can inherit the kingdom of heaven; therefore, how can ye be saved, except ye inherit the kingdom of heaven? Therefore, ye cannot be saved in your sins.
Alma 14:15     Behold, ye see that ye had not power to save those who had been cast into the fire; neither has God saved them because they were of thy faith. And the judge smote them again upon their cheeks, and asked: What say ye for yourselves?
Alma 19:29     And it came to pass that she went and took the queen by the hand, that perhaps she might raise her from the ground; and as soon as she touched her hand she arose and stood upon her feet, and cried with a loud voice, saying: O blessed Jesus, who has saved me from an awful hell! O blessed God, have mercy on this people!
Alma 20:17     But Ammon stood forth and said unto him: Behold, thou shalt not slay thy son; nevertheless, it were better that he should fall than thee, for behold, he has repented of his sins; but if thou shouldst fall at this time, in thine anger, thy soul could not be saved.
Alma 22:6     And also, what is this that Ammon said--If ye will repent ye shall be saved, and if ye will not repent, ye shall be cast off at the last day?
Alma 22:18     O God, Aaron hath told me that there is a God; and if there is a God, and if thou art God, wilt thou make thyself known unto me, and I will give away all my sins to know thee, and that I may be raised from the dead, and be saved at the last day. And now when the king had said these words, he was struck as if he were dead.
Alma 24:16     And now, my brethren, if our brethren seek to destroy us, behold, we will hide away our swords, yea, even we will bury them deep in the earth, that they may be kept bright, as a testimony that we have never used them, at the last day; and if our brethren destroy us, behold, we shall go to our God and shall be saved.
Alma 24:26     And it came to pass that the people of God were joined that day by more than the number who had been slain; and those who had been slain were righteous people, therefore we have no reason to doubt but what they were saved.
Alma 31:17     But thou art the same yesterday, today, and forever; and thou hast elected us that we shall be saved, whilst all around us are elected to be cast by thy wrath down to hell; for the which holiness, O God, we thank thee; and we also thank thee that thou hast elected us, that we may not be led away after the foolish traditions of our brethren, which doth bind them down to a belief of Christ, which doth lead their hearts to wander far from thee, our God.
Alma 32:13     And now, because ye are compelled to be humble blessed are ye; for a man sometimes, if he is compelled to be humble, seeketh repentance; and now surely, whosoever repenteth shall find mercy; and he that findeth mercy and endureth to the end the same shall be saved.
Alma 38:9     And now, my son, I have told you this that ye may learn wisdom, that ye may learn of me that there is no other way or means whereby man can be saved, only in and through Christ. Behold, he is the life and the light of the world. Behold, he is the word of truth and righteousness.
Alma 41:8     Now, the decrees of God are unalterable; therefore, the way is prepared that whosoever will may walk therein and be saved.
Alma 42:24     For behold, justice exerciseth all his demands, and also mercy claimeth all which is her own; and thus, none but the truly penitent are saved.
Alma 60:8     Yea, even they who have looked up to you for protection, yea, have placed you in a situation that ye might have succored them, yea, ye might have sent armies unto them, to have strengthened them, and have saved thousands of them from falling by the sword.
Helaman 5:9     O remember, remember, my sons, the words which king Benjamin spake unto his people; yea, remember that there is no other way nor means whereby man can be saved, only through the atoning blood of Jesus Christ, who shall come; yea, remember that he cometh to redeem the world.
Helaman 12:22     And wo unto him to whom he shall say this, for it shall be unto him that will do iniquity, and he cannot be saved; therefore, for this cause, that men might be saved, hath repentance been declared.
Helaman 12:23     Therefore, blessed are they who will repent and hearken unto the voice of the Lord their God; for these are they that shall be saved.
Helaman 12:25     And I would that all men might be saved. But we read that in the great and last day there are some who shall be cast out, yea, who shall be cast off from the presence of the Lord;
Helaman 13:12     Yea, wo unto this great city of Zarahemla; for behold, it is because of those who are righteous that it is saved; yea, wo unto this great city, for I perceive, saith the Lord, that there are many, yea, even the more part of this great city, that will harden their hearts against me, saith the Lord.
Helaman 13:39     O ye people of the land, that ye would hear my words! And I pray that the anger of the Lord be turned away from you, and that ye would repent and be saved.
Helaman 14:29     And this to the intent that whosoever will believe might be saved, and that whosoever will not believe, a righteous judgment might come upon them; and also if they are condemned they bring upon themselves their own condemnation.
3 Nephi 9:22     Therefore, whoso repenteth and cometh unto me as a little child, him will I receive, for of such is the kingdom of God. Behold, for such I have laid down my life, and have taken it up again; therefore repent, and come unto me ye ends of the earth, and be saved.
3 Nephi 10:12     And it was the more righteous part of the people who were saved, and it was they who received the prophets and stoned them not; and it was they who had not shed the blood of the saints, who were spared--
3 Nephi 11:33     And whoso believeth in me, and is baptized, the same shall be saved; and they are they who shall inherit the kingdom of God.
3 Nephi 12:20     Therefore come unto me and be ye saved; for verily I say unto you, that except ye shall keep my commandments, which I have commanded you at this time, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.
3 Nephi 23:5     And whosoever will hearken unto my words and repenteth and is baptized, the same shall be saved. Search the prophets, for many there be that testify of these things.
3 Nephi 27:6     And whoso taketh upon him my name, and endureth to the end, the same shall be saved at the last day.
Mormon 7:3     Know ye that ye must come unto repentance, or ye cannot be saved.
Mormon 9:23     And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned;
Ether 4:18     Therefore, repent all ye ends of the earth, and come unto me, and believe in my gospel, and be baptized in my name; for he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned; and signs shall follow them that believe in my name.
Ether 8:26     Wherefore, I, Moroni, am commanded to write these things that evil may be done away, and that the time may come that Satan may have no power upon the hearts of the children of men, but that they may be persuaded to do good continually, that they may come unto the fountain of all righteousness and be saved.
Ether 15:34     Now the last words which are written by Ether are these: Whether the Lord will that I be translated, or that I suffer the will of the Lord in the flesh, it mattereth not, if it so be that I am saved in the kingdom of God. Amen.
Moroni 7:26     And after that he came men also were saved by faith in his name; and by faith, they become the sons of God. And as surely as Christ liveth he spake these words unto our fathers, saying: Whatsoever thing ye shall ask the Father in my name, which is good, in faith believing that ye shall receive, behold, it shall be done unto you.
Moroni 7:34     And he hath said: Repent all ye ends of the earth, and come unto me, and be baptized in my name, and have faith in me, that ye may be saved.
Moroni 7:36     Or have angels ceased to appear unto the children of men? Or has he withheld the power of the Holy Ghost from them? Or will he, so long as time shall last, or the earth shall stand, or there shall be one man upon the face thereof to be saved?
Moroni 7:38     For no man can be saved, according to the words of Christ, save they shall have faith in his name; wherefore, if these things have ceased, then has faith ceased also; and awful is the state of man, for they are as though there had been no redemption made.
Moroni 8:10     Behold I say unto you that this thing shall ye teach--repentance and baptism unto those who are accountable and capable of committing sin; yea, teach parents that they must repent and be baptized, and humble themselves as their little children, and they shall all be saved with their little children.
Moroni 8:13     Wherefore, if little children could not be saved without baptism, these must have gone to an endless hell.
Moroni 9:22     But behold, my son, I recommend thee unto God, and I trust in Christ that thou wilt be saved; and I pray unto God that he will spare thy life, to witness the return of his people unto him, or their utter destruction; for I know that they must perish except they repent and return unto him.
Moroni 10:21     And except ye have charity ye can in nowise be saved in the kingdom of God; neither can ye be saved in the kingdom of God if ye have not faith; neither can ye if ye have no hope.
Moroni 10:26     And wo unto them who shall do these things away and die, for they die in their sins, and they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God; and I speak it according to the words of Christ; and I lie not.
Doctrine and Covenants 3:20     And that the Lamanites might come to the knowledge of their fathers, and that they might know the promises of the Lord, and that they may believe the gospel and rely upon the merits of Jesus Christ, and be glorified through faith in his name, and that through their repentance they might be saved. Amen.
Doctrine and Covenants 6:13     If thou wilt do good, yea, and hold out faithful to the end, thou shalt be saved in the kingdom of God, which is the greatest of all the gifts of God; for there is no gift greater than the gift of salvation.
Doctrine and Covenants 18:22     And as many as repent and are baptized in my name, which is Jesus Christ, and endure to the end, the same shall be saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 18:23     Behold, Jesus Christ is the name which is given of the Father, and there is none other name given whereby man can be saved;
Doctrine and Covenants 18:46     And after that you have received this, if you keep not my commandments you cannot be saved in the kingdom of my Father.
Doctrine and Covenants 20:25     That as many as would believe and be baptized in his holy name, and endure in faith to the end, should be saved--
Doctrine and Covenants 20:29     And we know that all men must repent and believe on the name of Jesus Christ, and worship the Father in his name, and endure in faith on his name to the end, or they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God.
Doctrine and Covenants 33:12     Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, this is my gospel; and remember that they shall have faith in me or they can in nowise be saved;
Doctrine and Covenants 35:25     And Israel shall be saved in mine own due time; and by the keys which I have given shall they be led, and no more be confounded at all.
Doctrine and Covenants 38:33     And from thence, whosoever I will shall go forth among all nations, and it shall be told them what they shall do; for I have a great work laid up in store, for Israel shall be saved, and I will lead them whithersoever I will, and no power shall stay my hand.
Doctrine and Covenants 42:60     And he that doeth according to these things shall be saved, and he that doeth them not shall be damned if he so continue.
Doctrine and Covenants 43:25     How oft have I called upon you by the mouth of my servants, and by the ministering of angels, and by mine own voice, and by the voice of thunderings, and by the voice of lightnings, and by the voice of tempests, and by the voice of earthquakes, and great hailstorms, and by the voice of famines and pestilences of every kind, and by the great sound of a trump, and by the voice of judgment, and by the voice of mercy all the day long, and by the voice of glory and honor and the riches of eternal life, and would have saved you with an everlasting salvation, but ye would not!
Doctrine and Covenants 45:2     And again I say, hearken unto my voice, lest death shall overtake you; in an hour when ye think not the summer shall be past, and the harvest ended, and your souls not saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 49:5     Thus saith the Lord; for I am God, and have sent mine Only Begotten Son into the world for the redemption of the world, and have decreed that he that receiveth him shall be saved, and he that receiveth him not shall be damned--
Doctrine and Covenants 53:7     And again, I would that ye should learn that he only is saved who endureth unto the end. Even so. Amen.
Doctrine and Covenants 56:2     And he that will not take up his cross and follow me, and keep my commandments, the same shall not be saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 56:16     Wo unto you rich men, that will not give your substance to the poor, for your riches will canker your souls; and this shall be your lamentation in the day of visitation, and of judgment, and of indignation: The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and my soul is not saved!
Doctrine and Covenants 68:9     And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned.
Doctrine and Covenants 76:42     That through him all might be saved whom the Father had put into his power and made by him;
Doctrine and Covenants 100:14     Thy brethren, my servants Orson Hyde and John Gould, are in my hands; and inasmuch as they keep my commandments they shall be saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 100:17     And all that call upon the name of the Lord, and keep his commandments, shall be saved. Even so. Amen.
Doctrine and Covenants 101:12     And in that day all who are found upon the watch-tower, or in other words, all mine Israel, shall be saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 101:54     And behold, the watchman upon the tower would have seen the enemy while he was yet afar off; and then ye could have made ready and kept the enemy from breaking down the hedge thereof, and saved my vineyard from the hands of the destroyer.
Doctrine and Covenants 112:29     And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not, and is not baptized, shall be damned.
Doctrine and Covenants 127:12     Behold, my prayer to God is that you all may be saved. And I subscribe myself your servant in the Lord, prophet and seer of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Doctrine and Covenants 131:6     It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:17     For these angels did not abide my law; therefore, they cannot be enlarged, but remain separately and singly, without exaltation, in their saved condition, to all eternity; and from henceforth are not gods, but are angels of God forever and ever.
Doctrine and Covenants 132:32     Go ye, therefore, and do the works of Abraham; enter ye into my law and ye shall be saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 133:53     In all their afflictions he was afflicted. And the angel of his presence saved them; and in his love, and in his pity, he redeemed them, and bore them, and carried them all the days of old;
Doctrine and Covenants 137:10     And I also beheld that all children who die before they arrive at the years of accountability are saved in the celestial kingdom of heaven.
Doctrine and Covenants 138:4     That through his atonement, and by obedience to the principles of the gospel, mankind might be saved.
Doctrine and Covenants 138:9     "Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water." (1 Peter 3:18-20.)
Moses 5:15     And as many as believed in the Son, and repented of their sins, should be saved; and as many as believed not and repented not, should be damned; and the words went forth out of the mouth of God in a firm decree; wherefore they must be fulfilled.
Moses 7:42     And Enoch also saw Noah, and his family; that the posterity of all the sons of Noah should be saved with a temporal salvation;
Joseph Smith--Matthew 1:11     But he that remaineth steadfast and is not overcome, the same shall be saved.
Joseph Smith--Matthew 1:20     And except those days should be shortened, there should none of their flesh be saved; but for the elect's sake, according to the covenant, those days shall be shortened.
Joseph Smith--Matthew 1:30     And again, because iniquity shall abound, the love of men shall wax cold; but he that shall not be overcome, the same shall be saved.
Articles of Faith 1:3     We believe that through the Atonement of Christ, all mankind may be saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel.
219 results found